qUeRL
============

Description
-----------

qUeRL is a custom built survey tool.

Code Repository
---------------

https://github.com/berkmancenter/querl

User Documentation
------------------

We're in the process of finalizing user documentation, but once it's up this will get updated with a pointer to it.

Requirements
------------

* Ruby 1.9.2 and a bunch of gems included in the Gemfile
* Rails 4.0.2
* A modern postgres database server.
* A webserver capable of interfacing with Rails applications. Ideally, apache or nginx with mod_passenger installed.
* Linux or OSX. Linux would be easier.

Setup
-----

* Install requirements (see above)
* Checkout the code
  * `git clone https://github.com/berkmancenter/querl`
* Install libraries
  * `bundle install`
* Configure the database
  * `cp config/database.yml.example config/database.yml`
  * Setup a postgres user and update `config/database.yml` accordingly
  * `rake db:create`
  * `rake db:setup`
  * `rake db:migrate`

Issue Tracker
-------------

We maintain a closed-to-the-public [issue tracker] (https://cyber.law.harvard.edu/projectmanagement/projects/querl/issues). Any additional issues can be added to the [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/berkmancenter/querl/issues).

To Do
-----

The current to do items can be found within the [issue tracker] (https://cyber.law.harvard.edu/projectmanagement/projects/querl/issues).

### Technologies

* [Rails](http://rubyonrails.org/)
* [Redmine](http://www.redmine.org)

Contributors
------------

[Anita Patel] (https://github.com/apatel)

License
-------

This application is open source and released under the terms of the GNU General Public License v3 (GPL).

Copyright
---------

Copyright &copy; 2015 President and Fellows of Harvard College

